__End of Operation Green Diamond__

July 14th, 1988

The contract that started this search for the Green Diamond has been completed. S.E.S.O. operatives from Bravo Squad were stranded in the Exclusion Zone, bouncing from place to place, in search of an object under callsign Green Diamond also known as the Brilliant by the local populace. Their search led them to Yurei the Firefighter, Oleg Illich, Mayor Beder, then finally to mysterious Mudrick himself. They have survived the Samosaly, the Lungmen, the Kriekers, and the supernatural inhabitants of the irradiated zone. After a final struggle with Mudrick, they have taken the Green Diamond and escaped the Zone. Their casualties were minimal, though the fate of the operatives lost in the Zone is unknown.

When they crossed through public airways of the Soviet Union, they were forced by Soviet authorities to land in the nearest airport. The highly radioactive Green Diamond signalled the authorities to bring the NBC Protection Troops. Suspected of looting the zone, the operatives were to be arrested and confiscated of their belongs. This was until a call was received from the Ministry of Internal Affairs that protected S.E.S.O. from any judicial harm. Instead, only the Green Diamond was confiscated. It was later learned this call came from the officer who originally purchased this contract. S.E.S.O. was later transported back to HQ through an unmarked plane.

Upon arrival to HQ, Operatives from Bravo Squad had to remain in protective cells. Our doctors stated that all operatives have Cutaneous Radiation Injury where they have itchiness, tingling, redness on their skin, and swelling caused by buildup of a fluid. In addition, most operatives were found with nodules in their thyroids, an early indicator of thyroid cancer. They would remain in these cells until the medical experts deem them to be safe amongst the people. Their families will be compensated for the damages and they will be honourably discharged from S.E.S.O. Bravo Squad will remain operational and cover their losses with new recruits.

Much has changed in the Exclusion Zone after Operation Green Diamond. Researchers learned that the Green Diamond was corium, the residue of the Elephant's Foot. It was being packaged and traded between Mudrick and the local factions. Documents found by the operatives revealed that both the Samosaly and the Lungmen used it to irradiate gems and sell them at a higher price. Now, the Samosaly and the Lungmen are lost. Constant assaults by S.E.S.O. has wittled their forces to nothing. All hope was lost for the Samosaly so their settlers crossed the border out of the Zone and immediately arrested for looting charges. The Lungmen ditched their forces all together, leaving the stragglers on their own. The Kriekers were forgotten. After 13th engagement, Mudrick lived yet his fate is unknown. It is said his living body haunts the power plant while his voice is still on the radio, waiting for an answer.

Yurei the Firefighter's whereabouts are clouded in rumours. Rumours say that he commited suicide after receiving his last transmission from Mudrick. Other rumours state he escaped the Zone after running out of supplies and rescued by Soviet authorities after they found his liquidator identifications. Oleg Illich has the vaguest rumours. Either he left the Zone or he was captured by one of the supernatural beings that he ignored.

With the local factions gone, perhaps the Soviet government can be thankful to S.E.S.O. once they decide to clean the Zone. As for the rumours of S.E.S.O., no one truly knew who they were except for Yurei and Oleg. Stories of S.E.S.O. call them "the Merciful" (Милосердный, Miloserdnyy). Called as such because any one who would witness the Merciful would at least expect a swift and respectful death.